conversational personal
phatic sports
status personal
status sports
conversational personal
conversational personal
status living
conversational personal
conversational media
status living
conversational personal
status personal
status sports
conversational personal
phatic personal
conversational personal
status media
phatic sports
status sports
conversational living
status personal
conversational media
phatic environmental
status personal
conversational personal
phatic living
phatic fact
phatic environmental
phatic fact
status sports
status personal
phatic personal
phatic personal
status sports
phatic sports
status media
phatic fact
phatic personal
phatic personal
phatic living
phatic fact
status personal
phatic media
status media
phatic living
status media
conversational sports
conversational personal
phatic personal
status personal
phatic personal
phatic sports
conversational personal
status media
phatic fact
status living
status personal
conversational living
conversational personal
conversational technology
status sports
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic fact
phatic sports
emergency fact
phatic media
conversational technology
phatic living
status personal
conversational technology
conversational sports
conversational personal
phatic sports
phatic personal
q q
