status pass-along
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
conversational personal
status personal
phatic personal
status media
phatic pass-along
phatic media
status personal
phatic pass-along
phatic media
conversational persona
phatic politics
phatic sports
conversational personal
conversational media
phatic personal
status media
phatic personal
conversational technology
phatic pass-along
conversational personal
phatic media
conversational personal
status personal
phatic media
conversational personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
phatic personal
phatic technology
conversational sports
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
conversational personal
status media
phatic personal
status personal
conversational sports
status personal
phatic personal
phatic personal
phatic personal
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
status media
status personal
conversational sports
status personal
phatic pass-along
conversational sports
conversational pass-along
conversational personal
conversational media
status sports
conversational personal
q q
