conversational personal
status personal
phatic personal
conversational technology
phatic personal
pass-along living
phatic environmental
phatic media
conversational personal
conversational media
conversational personal
phatic personal
conversational personal
phatic media
conversational personal
phatic personal
converastional personal
conversational personal
phatic personal
conversational media
phatic technology
status media
conversational politics
conversational living
status personal
status personal
phatic personal
status media
phatic personal
phatic personal
conversational personal
phatic living
pass-along media
phatic personal
status personal
conversational personal
phatic personal
phatic environmental
phatic personal
phatic media
converastional living
conversational personal
phatic personal
phatic personal
conversational living
status living
phatic personal
phatic personal
phatic environmental
phatic personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic media
phatic living
conversational living
conversational technology
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic personal
pass-along living
status living
phatic living
status personal
phatic personal
conversational personal
phatic living
phatic personal
status personal
conversational living
conversational personal
phatic personal
pass-along media
conversational personal
status personal
status living
phatic politics
status living
status media
conversational personal
phatic living
phatic media
phatic personal
phatic personal
q q
