phatic sports
status pass-along
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
conversational personal
status personal
phatic pass-along
status media
phatic pass-along
phatic media
status personal
phatic pass-along
phatic media
conversational personal
phatic politics
phatic sports
conversational personal
conversational media
phatic pass-along
status media
phatic pass-along
conversational technology
phatic pass-along
conversational pass-along
phatic media
conversational personal
status personal
phatic media
conversational pass-along
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic technology
conversational sports
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
conversational personal
status media
phatic pass-along
status personal
conversational sports
status personal
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
status media
status personal
conversational sports
status personal
phatic pass-along
conversational sports
conversational pass-along
conversational pass-along
conversational media
status sports
conversational personal
status personal
phatic media
status personal
status personal
phatic politics
phatic personal
phatic media
conversational pass-along
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
status personal
status personal
phatic sports
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic media
phatic politics
phatic pass-along
status pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic pass-along
phatic media
status personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic sports
status sports
conversational personal
phatic personal
conversational personal
conversational personal
phatic pass-along
status pass-along
phatic technology
status personal
phatic environmental
conversational personal
conversational personal
